***ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS BELOW***

Why do we need data structure?
Answer:Data structures are utilized as a system for arranging and putting away data in virtual memory structures.
       Data structures sort out and organize data into datasets and databases that can be packed effectively to spare extra room.

What are the various operations that can be performed on different data structures?
Answer:Organization of Data
       Accessing methods
       Degree of associativity
       Processing alternatives for information

When would we use data structures in the real world?
Answer: In general, algorithms that involve efficient data structure is applied in the numerical analysis,
        operating system, A.I., compiler design, database management, graphics, and statistical analysis

What is an Array?
Answer: An array is a container object that holds a fixed number of values of a single type.
        The length of an array is established when the array is created.

What is the difference between Array and ArrayList?
Answer: Array is a fixed length data structure whereas ArrayList is a variable length Collection class.

What is a LinkedList?
Answer: The LinkedList class is a collection which can contain many objects of the same type, just like the ArrayList .

How is an Array different from LinkedList?
Answer: Arrays are index based data structure where each element associated with an index. On the other hand,Linked
     list relies on references where each node consists of the data and the references to the previous and next element.

What is a Queue?
Answer: A queue is linear data structure that is used to store elements just like any other data structure but in
        a particular manner.

What is a Stack (referring to data structures)?
Answer: A stack is an ordered collection of items where the addition of new items and the removal of existing items
        always takes place at the same end. This end is commonly referred to as the “top.” The end opposite the top
        is known as the “base.”

What is FIFO and LIFO?
Answer: FIFO is an abbreviation for first in, first out and ; it is a method for handling data structures
        where the first element is processed first and the newest element is processed last.
        LIFO is an abbreviation for Last in, first out is same as fist in, last out (FILO) and it is a method for
        handling data structures where the last element is processed first and the first element is processed last.

Explain Big O Notation?
Answer: Big O Notation is a way to measure an algorithm's efficiency. It measures the time it takes to run our
        function as the input grows. Or in other words, how well does the function scale.

What is the best case to search an element from an array?
Answer: The best case is linear search since it starts the searching from the beginning.

What is the worst case to search an element from an array?
Answer: The worst case is binary search; the searching starts after splitting the center of array,
        so it will take much time to provide the search result

Describe what a tree data structure is?
Answer:A tree is a nonlinear data structure, compared to arrays, linked lists, stacks and queues which are linear data structures.
       A tree can be empty with no nodes or a tree is a structure consisting of one node called the root and zero or one or more subtrees.

Describe what a graph data structure is?
Answer:

What is the difference between the HashTable and HashMap?
Answer:HashTable can be shared with many threads, hence it is a synchronized one while HashMap can not be shared with many
       threads without proper synchronization code, hence it is not a synchronized one

How do HashMaps work in Java? How do they store values, and when are they useful?
Answer:

What is ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException in java? When does it occur?
Answer:he ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception is thrown if a program tries to access an array index that is negative, greater than,
       or equal to the length of the array.

What are the different ways of copying an array into another array?
Answer: There are mainly four different ways
  Manually.
  Arrays.copyOf()
  System.arraycopy()
  Object.clone()

What is DFS and BFS?
Answer:BFS stands for Breadth First Search. DFS stands for Depth First Search.
       BFS(Breadth First Search) uses Queue data structure for finding the shortest path.
       DFS(Depth First Search) uses Stack data structure

What is Recursion?
Answer:a method that calls itself is known as a recursive method. And, this process is known as recursion

What are linear and non-linear data Structures?
Answer:A linear data structure is a type of data structure that arranges the data items in an orderly manner where the elements are attached adjacently
       while a nonlinear data structure is a type of data structure that arranges data in sorted order, creating a relationship among the data elements.


Outline different sorting algorithms and their time complexities:
